./scripts/upload_pfcc_ct_morningqa_catphan/csharp_app is a c# app that process input CT.xxx.dcm files and process report.html. the main code is in the file ctqa.cs (run function). please create a corresponding clone script in the folder python_app.

please create a test script that uses _data/GECTSH/machine_param.txt and _data/GECTSH/service_param.txt as machine and service param files, and _data/GECTSH/cases/20260108_071844. the python_app should produce the same report.html file as the one already existing, which was created by csharp_app.

for the image registation, please use the standard rigid body registration using simple itk, not elastix. if simple itk supports masks on fixed image and moving image, use them. othervise use the entire images for similairty calculation (ignoreing fMask and mMask). The result registration is basically used to transfer the masks (like HU calculation masks, Geo caluclation masks etc) from the baseline image (which is the moving image) to the fixed image, which is the current case CT image. 


update the code to save the ouptuts to _test_output2 folder. also, save the resampled image after registration as resampled.mha (cast pixel type from float to int pixel type). so that I can review if the image registration is correct. also, improve the transfer_masks - by combinging all masks into one composite image (like assign different pixel value for each mask, like 1,2,3, etc, then appy the transform on the composit, then split the resample image into indivisual masks by threhsolding with proper pixel values range=[pixel value -0.5, pixel value+0.5] and casting to uchar pixel type. the final mask image should have pixel values of 0 and 1, 0 for background. for the final comparione, just present the number differences. don't have to say fail or pass. save the final report as report.test.html.